hello my dear viewers and
my channel subscribers today want you
tell the wire such here covers not
wet and on shoes that I
I ordered on the site aliexpress I bought
not for myself bought for relatives
they came pretty quickly in such
their bag lying on a handbag
buttons . they have a brave
on shoe size 38-39
About that is, it turned out that excel 40
41 you can manually wash everything else
running
recite such glasses I do not know for
Russia will be a wonder after such
communication video from china and this is normal
on him there if there is some helen and
rain and then we still have visibility there
adjust what's promo plump by
socks
closure covers made inconsistencies
Christmas trees of some kind of marking
have given
that they from size 40 will be shown that
he is 40 size goes for 38 shadows
everything here somehow
stick like a good or
record here it will of course hide
nice fittings all work on wax
plastic works at home
lock torus water is already a guy sole with us
outsole we have it, too, so all such
we do n't even know not getting lost by the floor
united and revered too all this for the purpose
what you are not the main soul
so here is such a boot with us
It turns out 2 work light I took ordered
blue blue he came probably well
let's see how they will not
get wet and some they work
let's do an experiment
Case Well, since you bought a case
for relatives, we regret it
nobody has shoe size
but as a test subject there will be slippers
my baby slippers are also shoes not
we must offend him so we shove
slippers cover that's okay shoes cover
on now let down the water here as if
we fell under the rain
it means that our shoes are washing wet
our case is absolutely wet open
cheholchik
we get slippers
in no place even get wet
That is, it turns out that the case performs
does not leak its functions
moisture
Here is such a cover inside absolutely
dry despite the fact that he is such
that's funny he really protects
your shoes from moisture
here are the covers with the test
coped successfully passed it perfectly
Covers I recommend a reference on the covers as
usually leave under the video thanks for all
Attention
do not forget to subscribe to my channel
and stay tuned to everyone
good luck everyone bye bye